Software 0.30 base PR (#1041)
astronomer/docs: software_versioned_docs/version-0.29/ac-cve.md

---
title: "Astronomer Certified security"
sidebar_label: "CVEs"
id: ac-cve
description: "Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures identified within our Astronomer Certified images."
---

> This page is the source of truth for any Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs) identified within any of our supported Astronomer Certified images for Apache Airflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page is the source of truth for any Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs) identified within any of the supported Astronomer Certified images for Apache Airflow.
```

Is this statement necessary? Wouldn't it be assumed that information appearing in an Astronomer documentation set would be a "source of truth"?

> Currently, all supported Astronomer Certified images are listed in two places:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All supported Astronomer Certified images are listed in the following locations:
```

- [Astronomer Downloads](https://astronomer.io/downloads)

> - [Astronomer's Docker registry (Quay.io)](https://quay.io/repository/astronomer/ap-airflow?tab=tags)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [The Astronomer Docker registry (Quay.io)](https://quay.io/repository/astronomer/ap-airflow?tab=tags)
```

> Refer to [Upgrade Apache Airflow on Astronomer](manage-airflow-versions.md) for detailed guidelines on how to upgrade between Airflow versions on your Software instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upgrade Airflow versions on your Software instance, see [Upgrade Apache Airflow on Astronomer](manage-airflow-versions.md).
```

> ## Reporting Vulnerabilities and Security Concerns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Report vulnerabilities and security concerns
```

> Vulnerability reports for Astronomer Certified should be sent to [security@astronomer.io](mailto:security@astronomer.io). All security concerns, questions and requests should be directed here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send  Astronomer Certified vulnerability reports, security concerns, and questions to [security@astronomer.io](mailto:security@astronomer.io).
```

> When we receive a request, our dedicated security team will evaluate and validate it. If we confirm a vulnerability, we’ll allocate internal resources towards identifying and publishing a resolution in an updated image. The timeline within which vulnerabilities are addressed will depend on the severity level of the vulnerability and its impact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Astronomer security team receives a request, it is evaluated and validated. When a vulnerability is confirmed, a resolution is provided in an updated image. The severity level of the vulnerability and its impact determine how quickly the vulnerability is resolved.
```

> Once a resolution has been confirmed, we'll release it in the next major, minor, or patch Astronomer Certified image and publish details to this page in the section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a resolution for a vulnerability is determined,  a fix is provided in the next Astronomer Certified major, minor, or patch release and details about the vulnerability are provided here.
```

> > **Note:** All other Airflow and product support requests should be directed to [Astronomer's Support Portal](https://support.astronomer.io), where our team's Airflow Engineers are ready to help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Send all other Airflow and product support requests to the [Astronomer Support Portal](https://support.astronomer.io),.
```
This should be removed from a note and follow the previous statement about reporting vulnerabilities.

> ## Previously Announced Vulnerabilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Previously announced vulnerabilities
```

> ### Apache Airflow Core

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Apache Airflow core
```

| CVE-2021-28359 | 2021-02-17 | <ul><li>2.0.0-1 to 2.0.0-3</li><li>1.10.14-1 to 1.10.14-2</li><li>1.10.12-1 to 1.10.12-3</li><li>1.10.10-1 to 1.10.10-7</li><li>1.10.7-1 to 1.10.7-17</li><li>1.10.5-1 to 1.10.5-11</li></ul> | The "origin" parameter passed to some of the endpoints like '/trigger' was vulnerable to XSS exploit. This issue affects Apache Airflow versions <1.10.15 in 1.x series and affects 2.0.0 and 2.0.1 and 2.x series. Update to Airflow 1.10.15 or 2.0.2. This is the same as CVE-2020-13944 & CVE-2020-17515 but the implemented fix did not account for certain cases. ([Details](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2021-28359)) | Use one of the following AC Versions: <ul><li>2.0.0-4</li><li>1.10.14-3</li><li>1.10.12-4</li><li>1.10.10-8</li><li>1.10.7-18</li></ul> |
| CVE-2021-26697 | 2021-02-17 | <ul><li>2.0.0-1 to 2.0.0-2</li></ul> | Lineage API endpoint for Experimental API missed authentication check. ([Details](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2021-26697)) | Use one of the following AC Versions: <ul><li>2.0.0-3</li></ul> |

> | CVE-2021-26559 | 2021-02-17 | <ul><li>2.0.0-1 to 2.0.0-2</li></ul> | Users with Viewer or User role can get Airflow Configurations using Stable API including sensitive information even when `[webserver] expose_config` is set to `False` in `airflow.cfg`. ([Details](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2021-26559)) | Use one of the following AC Versions: <ul><li>2.0.0-3</li></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CVE-2021-26559 | 2021-02-17 | <ul><li>2.0.0-1 to 2.0.0-2</li></ul> | Users with Viewer or User roles can get Airflow Configurations using Stable API including sensitive information even when `[webserver] expose_config` is set to `False` in `airflow.cfg`. ([Details](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2021-26559)) | Use one of the following AC Versions: <ul><li>2.0.0-3</li></ul> |
```

| CVE-2020-17515 | 2020-12-11 | <ul><li>1.10.12-1</li><li>1.10.10-1 to 1.10.10-5</li><li>1.10.7-1 to 1.10.7-15</li><li>1.10.5-1 to 1.10.5-11</li></ul> | The "origin" parameter passed to some of the endpoints like '/trigger' was vulnerable to XSS exploit. This is same as CVE-2020-13944 but the implemented fix in Airflow 1.10.13 did not fix the issue completely. ([Details](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-17515)) | Use one of the following AC Versions: <ul><li>1.10.14-1</li><li>1.10.12-2</li><li>1.10.10-6</li><li>1.10.7-16</li></ul> |
| CVE-2020-13944 | 2020-09-16 | Apache Airflow versions < 1.10.12 | In Apache Airflow < 1.10.12, the "origin" parameter passed to some of the endpoints like '/trigger' was vulnerable to XSS exploit. ([Details](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-13944)) | Use one of the following AC Versions: <ul><li>1.10.10-5</li><li>1.10.7-15</li></ul> |

### Astronomer Certified Docker images

> This section lists security related updates/mitigations in the Astronomer Certified docker images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section lists security related updates/mitigations in the Astronomer Certified docker images.
```

Isn't this obvious from the title? Remove.
